## Amazon

### net sales / segments

ales information is as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2024 2025 Net Sales: North America $ 387,497 $ 426,305 International 142,906 161,894 AWS 107,556 128,725 Consolidated $ 637,959 $ 716,924 Year-over-year Percentage Growth: North America 10 % 10 % International 9 13 AWS 19 20 Consolidated 11 12 Year-over-year Percentage Growth, excluding the effect of foreign exchange rates: North America 10 % 10 % International 10 10 AWS 19 20 Consolidated 11 12 Net Sales Mix: North America 61 % 59 % International 22 23 AWS 17 18 Consolidated 100 % 100 % Sales increased 12% in 2025, compared to the prior year. Changes in foreign exchange rates increased net sales by $4.4 billion in 2025. For a discussion of the effect of foreign exchange rates on sales growth, see Effect of Foreign Exchange Rates below. North America sales increased 10% in 2025, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, advertising sales,

### operating income segments

ncome by segment is as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2024 2025 Operating Income North America $ 24,967 $ 29,619 International 3,792 4,750 AWS 39,834 45,606 Consolidated $ 68,593 $ 79,975 Operating income was $68.6 billion and $80.0 billion for 2024 and 2025. Operating income for 2025 includes charges of $2.5 billion we recorded in Q3 2025 related to the settlement of a lawsuit with the FTC and $2.7 billion, of which $1.8 billion was recorded in Q3 2025, of estimated severance costs primarily related to planned role eliminations. We believe that operating income is a more meaningful measure than gross profit and gross margin due to the diversity of our product categories and services. For more information on the operating expenses that impact segment operating income, see Operating Expenses and the descriptions of operating expense line item changes on pages 25 to 27, and Note 10 Segment Information on page 67. The increase in Nor

### fulfillment

ed December 31, 2024 2025 Operating Expenses: Cost of sales $ 326,288 $ 356,414 Fulfillment 98,505 109,074 Technology and infrastructure 88,544 108,521 Sales and marketing 43,907 47,129 General and administrative 11,359 11,172 Other operating expense (income), net 763 4,639 Total operating expenses $ 569,366 $ 636,949 Year-over-year Percentage Growth (Decline): Cost of sales 7 % 9 % Fulfillment 9 11 Technology and infrastructure 3 23 Sales and marketing (1) 7 General and administrative (4) (2) Other operating expense (income), net (1) 508 Percent of Net Sales: Cost of sales 51.1 % 49.7 % Fulfillment 15.4 15.2 Technology and infrastructure 13.9 15.1 Sales and marketing 6.9 6.6 General and administrative 1.8 1.6 Other operating expense (income), net 0.1 0.6 Cost of Sales Cost of sales primarily co

366 $ 636,949 Year-over-year Percentage Growth (Decline): Cost of sales 7 % 9 % Fulfillment 9 11 Technology and infrastructure 3 23 Sales and marketing (1) 7 General and administrative (4) (2) Other operating expense (income), net (1) 508 Percent of Net Sales: Cost of sales 51.1 % 49.7 % Fulfillment 15.4 15.2 Technology and infrastructure 13.9 15.1 Sales and marketing 6.9 6.6 General and administrative 1.8 1.6 Other operating expense (income), net 0.1 0.6 Cost of Sales Cost of sales primarily consists of the purchase price of consumer products, inbound and outbound shipping costs, including costs related to sortation and delivery centers and where we are the transportation service provider, and digital media content costs where we record revenue gross, including video and music. The in

4,785 637,959 716,924 Operating expenses: Cost of sales 304,739 326,288 356,414 Fulfillment 90,619 98,505 109,074 Technology and infrastructure 85,622 88,544 108,521 Sales and marketing 44,370 43,907 47,129 General and administrative 11,816 11,359 11,172 Other operating expense (income), net 767 763 4,639 Total operating expenses 537,933 569,366 636,949 Operating income 36,852 68,593 79,975 Interest income 2,949 4,677 4,381 Interest expense ( 3,182 ) ( 2,406 ) ( 2,274 ) Other income (expense), net 938 ( 2,250 ) 15,229 Total non-operating income 705 21 17,336 Income before income taxes 37,557 68,614 97,311 Provision for income taxes ( 7,120 ) ( 9,265 ) ( 19,087 ) Equity-method investment activity, net of tax ( 12 ) ( 101 ) ( 554 ) Net income $ 30,425 $ 59,248 $ 77,670 Basic earnings per share $

llions): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 Cost of sales $ 836 $ 838 $ 777 Fulfillment 3,090 2,973 2,703 Technology and infrastructure 13,434 12,150 10,871 Sales and marketing 4,623 4,084 3,445 General and administrative 2,040 1,966 1,671 Total stock-based compensation expense (1) $ 24,023 $ 22,011 $ 19,467 ___________________ (1) The related tax benefits were $ 5.4 billion, $ 5.0 billion, and $ 4.4 billion for 2023, 2024, and 2025. The following table summarizes our restricted stock unit activity (in millions): Number of Units Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value Outstanding as of January 1, 2023 384.4 $ 144 Units granted 218.1 106 Units vested ( 139.9 ) 143 Units forfeited ( 56.8 ) 135 Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 405.8 125 Units granted 126.9 183 Units vested ( 209.7 ) 132 Un

### shipping costs

nges in foreign exchange rates increased cost of sales by $2.8 billion in 2025. Shipping costs were $95.8 billion and $102.7 billion in 2024 and 2025. Shipping costs to receive products from our suppliers are included in our inventory and recognized as cost of sales upon sale of products to our customers. We expect our cost of shipping to continue to increase to the extent our customers accept and use our shipping offers at an increasing rate, we use more expensive shipping methods, and we offer additional services. We seek to mitigate costs of shipping over time in part through achieving higher sales volumes, optimizing our fulfillment network, negotiating better terms with our suppliers, and achieving better operating efficiencies. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is

### product/service sales

ONS (in millions, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 Net product sales $ 255,887 $ 272,311 $ 296,266 Net service sales 318,898 365,648 420,658 Total net sales 574,785 637,959 716,924 Operating expenses: Cost of sales 304,739 326,288 356,414 Fulfillment 90,619 98,505 109,074 Technology and infrastructure 85,622 88,544 108,521 Sales and marketing 44,370 43,907 47,129 General and administrative 11,816 11,359 11,172 Other operating expense (income), net 767 763 4,639 Total operating expenses 537,933 569,366 636,949 Operating income 36,852 68,593 79,975 Interest income 2,949 4,677 4,381 Interest expense ( 3,182 ) ( 2,406 ) ( 2,274 ) Other income (expense), net 938 ( 2,250 ) 15,229 Total non-operating income 705 21 17,336 Income before income taxes 37,557 68,614 97,311 Provision for income taxes ( 7,120 ) ( 9,265 ) (

### online stores / 3P / ads

d run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our online stores, web services, electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment network. Variable costs generally change directly with sales volume, while fixed costs generally are dependent on the timing of capacity needs, geographic expansion, category expansion, and other factors. To decrease our variable costs on a per unit basis and enable us to lower prices for customers, we seek to increase our direct sourcing, increase discounts from suppliers, and reduce defects in our processes. To minimize unnecessary growth in fixed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies and maintain a lean culture. We seek to turn inventory quickly and collect from consumers before our payments to vendors and sellers become due. Because consumers primarily use credit cards in our stores, our receivables from consumers settle quickly. We expect variability in inventory turnover over time since it is affected by numerous factors, including our product mix, the mix of sales by us

our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs. Infrastructure costs include servers, networking equipment, and data center related depreciation and amortization, rent, utilities, and other expenses necessary to support AWS and other Amazon businesses. Collectively, these costs reflect the investments we make in order to offer a wide variety of products and services to our customers, including expenditures related to initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices and the development of a satellite network for global broadband service and autonomous vehicles for ride-hailing services. We seek to invest efficiently in numerous areas of technology and infrastructure so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments, while operating at an ever increasing scale. Our technology and infrastructure investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings d

our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs. Infrastructure costs include servers, networking equipment, and data center related depreciation and amortization, rent, utilities, and other expenses necessary to support AWS and other Amazon businesses. Collectively, these costs reflect the investments we make in order to offer a wide variety of products and services to our customers, including expenditures related to initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices and the development of a satellite network for global broadband service and autonomous vehicles for ride-hailing services. Technology and infrastructure costs are generally expensed as incurred. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing costs include advertising and payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities, including sales commissions related to AWS. We pay commissions to third parties when their customer referrals result in sales. We also participate in coopera

cused online and physical stores. This segment includes export sales from these online stores. International The International segment primarily consists of amounts earned from retail sales of consumer products (including from sellers) and advertising and subscription services through internationally-focused online stores. This segment includes export sales from these internationally-focused online stores (including export sales from these online stores to customers in the U.S., Mexico, and Canada), but excludes export sales from our North America-focused online stores. AWS The AWS segment consists of amounts earned from global sales of compute, storage, database, and other services for start-ups, enterprises, government agencies, and academic institutions. Information on reportable segments and reconciliation to consolidated net income is as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 North America Net sales $ 352,828 $ 387,497 $ 426,305 Operating expenses 337,951 362,530 396,686 Operating income $ 14,877 $ 24,967 $ 29,619 International Net sales $ 131,200 $

is as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 Net Sales: Online stores (1) $ 231,872 $ 247,029 $ 269,287 Physical stores (2) 20,030 21,215 22,561 Third-party seller services (3) 140,053 156,146 172,162 Advertising services (4) 46,906 56,214 68,635 Subscription services (5) 40,209 44,374 49,619 AWS 90,757 107,556 128,725 Other (6) 4,958 5,425 5,935 Consolidated $ 574,785 $ 637,959 $ 716,924 ___________________ (1) Includes product sales and digital media content where we record revenue gross. We leverage our retail infrastructure to offer a wide selection of consumable and durable goods that includes media products available in both a physical and digital format, such as books, videos, games, music, and software. These product sales include digital products sold on a transactional basis. Digital media content subscriptions that provide unlimited viewing or usage rights are included in Subscription services. (2) Includes product sales where our customers physically select items in a store. Sales to customers who order goods online for delivery or pickup at

### subscription

, easy-to-use functionality, and timely customer service. In addition, we offer subscription services such as Amazon Prime, a membership program that includes fast, free shipping on tens of millions of items, access to award-winning movies and series, live sports, and other benefits. We fulfill customer orders in a number of ways, including through: North America and International fulfillment networks that we operate; co-sourced and outsourced arrangements in certain countries; digital delivery; and through our physical stores. We operate customer service centers globally, which are supplemented by co-sourced arrangements. See Item 2 of Part I, Properties. Sellers We offer programs that enable sellers to grow their businesses, sell their products in our stores, and fulfill orders using our services. We are not the seller of record in these transactions. We earn fixed fees, a percentage of

ased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, advertising sales, and subscription services. Increased unit sales were driven largely by our continued focus on price, selection, and convenience for our customers, including from our fast shipping offers. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced North America net sales by $454 million in 2025. International sales increased 13% in 2025, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, advertising sales, and subscription services. Increased unit sales were driven largely 24 Table of Contents by our continued focus on price, selection, and convenience for our customers, including from our fast shipping offers. Changes in foreign exchange rates increased International net sales by $4.9 billion in 2025. AWS sales increased 20% in 2025, compared to the prior y

ased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, advertising sales, and subscription services. Increased unit sales were driven largely 24 Table of Contents by our continued focus on price, selection, and convenience for our customers, including from our fast shipping offers. Changes in foreign exchange rates increased International net sales by $4.9 billion in 2025. AWS sales increased 20% in 2025, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased customer usage, partially offset by pricing changes primarily driven by long-term customer contracts. Operating Expenses Information about operating expenses is as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2024 2025 Operating Expenses: Cost of sales $ 326,288 $ 356,414 Fulfillment 98,505 109,074 Technology and infrastructure 88,544 108,521 Sales and marketing 43,907 47,129 General and administrative 11,359 1

re delivered based on the number of clicks or impressions. 42 Table of Contents Subscription services - Our subscription sales include fees associated with Amazon Prime memberships and access to content including digital video, audiobooks, digital music, e-books, and other non-AWS subscription services. Prime memberships provide our customers with access to an evolving suite of benefits that represent a single stand-ready obligation. Subscriptions are paid for at the time of or in advance of delivering the services. Revenue from such arrangements is recognized over the subscription period. AWS - Our AWS arrangements include global sales of compute, storage, database, and other services. Revenue is allocated to services using stand-alone selling prices and is primarily recognized when the customer uses these services, based on the quantity of services rendered, such as compute or storage c

retail sales of consumer products (including from sellers) and advertising and subscription services through North America-focused online and physical stores. This segment includes export sales from these online stores. International The International segment primarily consists of amounts earned from retail sales of consumer products (including from sellers) and advertising and subscription services through internationally-focused online stores. This segment includes export sales from these internationally-focused online stores (including export sales from these online stores to customers in the U.S., Mexico, and Canada), but excludes export sales from our North America-focused online stores. AWS The AWS segment consists of amounts earned from global sales of compute, storage, database, and other services for start-ups, enterprises, government agencies, and academic institutions. Informa

### advertising

app developers, and others to publish and sell content. Advertisers We provide advertising services to sellers, vendors, publishers, authors, and others, through programs such as sponsored ads, display, and video advertising. 3 Table of Contents Competition Our businesses encompass a large variety of product types, service offerings, and delivery channels. The worldwide marketplace in which we compete is evolving rapidly and intensely competitive, and we face a broad array of competitors from many different industry sectors around the world. Our current and potential competitors include: (1) physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retailers, publishers, vendors, distributors, manufacturers, and producers of the products we offer and sell to consumers and businesses; (2) publishers, producers, and distributors of physical, digital, and interactive media of all types and all distribution ch

sell grocery products online and in physical stores; (9) companies that provide advertising services, whether in digital or other formats; and (10) providers of virtual or in-person healthcare services. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our retail businesses include selection, price, and convenience, including fast and reliable fulfillment. Additional competitive factors for our seller and enterprise services include the quality, speed, and reliability of our services and tools, as well as customers ability and willingness to change business practices. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, greater brand recognition, and greater control over inputs critical to our various businesses. They may secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing, pursue restrictive distribution agreements that

includes commissions and any related fulfillment and shipping fees, AWS sales, advertising services, Amazon Prime membership fees, and certain digital media content subscriptions. Net sales information is as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2024 2025 Net Sales: North America $ 387,497 $ 426,305 International 142,906 161,894 AWS 107,556 128,725 Consolidated $ 637,959 $ 716,924 Year-over-year Percentage Growth: North America 10 % 10 % International 9 13 AWS 19 20 Consolidated 11 12 Year-over-year Percentage Growth, excluding the effect of foreign exchange rates: North America 10 % 10 % International 10 10 AWS 19 20 Consolidated 11 12 Net Sales Mix: North America 61 % 59 % International 22 23 AWS 17 18 Consolidated 100 % 100 % Sales increased 12% in 2025, compared to the prior year. Changes in foreign exchange rates increased net sales by $4.4 billion in 2025. For a discussio

vices. We also manufacture and sell electronic devices. In addition, we provide advertising services to sellers, vendors, publishers, authors, and others, through programs such as sponsored ads, display, and video advertising. We have organized our operations into three segments: North America, International, and AWS. See Note 10 Segment Information. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Amazon.com, Inc. and its consolidated entities (collectively, the Company ), consisting of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and those entities in which we have a variable interest and of which we are the primary beneficiary, including certain entities in India and certain entities that support our healthcare services and production and distribution of video content. Intercompany balances and transactions between consolidated entities are eliminated. Use of

o a third-party carrier or, in the case of an Amazon delivery, to the customer. Advertising services - We provide advertising services to sellers, vendors, publishers, authors, and others, through programs such as sponsored ads, display, and video advertising. Revenue is recognized as ads are delivered based on the number of clicks or impressions. 42 Table of Contents Subscription services - Our subscription sales include fees associated with Amazon Prime memberships and access to content including digital video, audiobooks, digital music, e-books, and other non-AWS subscription services. Prime memberships provide our customers with access to an evolving suite of benefits that represent a single stand-ready obligation. Subscriptions are paid for at the time of or in advance of delivering the services. Revenue from such arrangements is recognized over the subscription period. AWS - Our AW

### third-party

n addition, because China-based sellers account for significant portions of our third-party seller services and advertising revenues, and China-based suppliers provide significant portions of our components and finished goods, regulatory and trade restrictions, tariff policy changes and trade disputes, data protection and cybersecurity laws, economic factors, geopolitical events, security issues, or other factors negatively impacting China-based sellers and suppliers could adversely affect our operating results. The Variability in Our Retail Business Places Increased Strain on Our Operations Demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events, such as in response to global economic conditions such as recessionary fears or rising inflation (including as a result of tariff po

o a third-party carrier or, in the case of an Amazon delivery, to the customer. Third-party seller services - We offer programs that enable sellers to sell their products in our stores, and fulfill orders using our services. We are not the seller of record in these transactions. The commissions and any related fulfillment and shipping fees we earn from these arrangements are recognized when the services are rendered, which generally occurs upon delivery of the related products to a third-party carrier or, in the case of an Amazon delivery, to the customer. Advertising services - We provide advertising services to sellers, vendors, publishers, authors, and others, through programs such as sponsored ads, display, and video advertising. Revenue is recognized as ads are delivered based on the number of clicks or impressions. 42 Table of Contents Subscription services - Our subscription sales includ

ores (1) $ 231,872 $ 247,029 $ 269,287 Physical stores (2) 20,030 21,215 22,561 Third-party seller services (3) 140,053 156,146 172,162 Advertising services (4) 46,906 56,214 68,635 Subscription services (5) 40,209 44,374 49,619 AWS 90,757 107,556 128,725 Other (6) 4,958 5,425 5,935 Consolidated $ 574,785 $ 637,959 $ 716,924 ___________________ (1) Includes product sales and digital media content where we record revenue gross. We leverage our retail infrastructure to offer a wide selection of consumable and durable goods that includes media products available in both a physical and digital format, such as books, videos, games, music, and software. These product sales include digital products sold on a transactional basis. Digital media content subscriptions that provide unlimited viewing or usage rights are included in Subscription services. (2) Includes product sales where our customers physic

) Includes commissions and any related fulfillment and shipping fees, and other third-party seller services. (4) Includes sales of advertising services to sellers, vendors, publishers, authors, and others, through programs such as sponsored ads, display, and video advertising. (5) Includes annual and monthly fees associated with Amazon Prime memberships, as well as digital video, audiobook, digital music, e-book, and other non-AWS subscription services. (6) Includes sales related to various other offerings (such as shipping services, healthcare services, and certain licensing and distribution of video content) and our co-branded credit card agreements. Net sales are attributed to countries primarily based on country-focused online and physical stores or, for AWS purposes, the selling entity. Net sales attributed to countries that represent a significant portion of consolidated net sales are as


## Nike

### highlights

vering compelling consumer experiences through digital platforms and at retail. FISCAL 2025 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS NIKE, Inc. Revenues for fiscal 2025 were $46.3 billion compared to $51.4 billion for fiscal 2024 NIKE Direct revenues declined 13% from $21.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to $18.8 billion in fiscal 2025, and represented approximately 42% of total NIKE Brand revenues for fiscal 2025 NIKE Brand wholesale revenues decreased 7% on a reported basis and 6% on a currency-neutral basis Gross margin decreased 190 basis points to 42.7%, primarily due to higher discounts, changes in channel mix and higher inventory obsolescence reserves, partially offset by lower product costs Inventories as of May 31, 2025 were $7.5 billion, flat compared to the prior year We returned $5.3 billion to our shareholders in fiscal 2025 through share repurchases and dividends Return on Invested Capital ("ROIC") was 20.2% as of May 31, 2025, compared to 34.9% as of May 31, 2024. ROIC is considered a non-GAAP financial measure, see "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information. Our results for fiscal 2025 reflected a decrease in traffic across NIKE Direct and our actions to reduce supply of certain footwear products in the marketplace through increased markdowns across NIKE Direct and discounts and higher sales returns with our wholesale partners, which negatively impacted our Revenues and gross margin. For discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Fin

### wholesale/direct

es for fiscal 2025 were $46.3 billion compared to $51.4 billion for fiscal 2024 NIKE Direct revenues declined 13% from $21.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to $18.8 billion in fiscal 2025, and represented approximately 42% of total NIKE Brand revenues for fiscal 2025 NIKE Brand wholesale revenues decreased 7% on a reported basis and 6% on a currency-neutral basis Gross margin decreased 190 basis points to 42.7%, primarily due to higher discounts, changes in channel mix and higher inventory obsolescence reserves, partially offset by lower product costs Inventories as of May 31, 2025 were $7.5 billion, flat compared to the prior year We returned $5.3 billion to our shareholders in fiscal 2025 through share repurchases and dividends Return on Invested Capital ("ROIC") was 20.2% as of May 31, 2025, compared to 34.9% as of May 31, 2024. ROIC is considered a non-GAAP financial measure, see "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information. Our results for fiscal 2025 reflected a decrease in traffic across NIKE Direct and our actions to reduce supply of certain footwear products in the marketplace through increased markdowns across NIKE Direct and discounts and higher sales returns

a currency-neutral basis, was driven by lower revenues across all geographies. NIKE Direct revenues were $18.8 billion in fiscal 2025 compared to $21.5 billion in fiscal 2024. On a currency-neutral basis, NIKE Direct revenues decreased 12% due to declines in NIKE Brand Digital sales of 20% from $12.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to $9.6 billion in fiscal 2025, while NIKE store sales were flat. Comparable store sales decreased 1%. For additional information regarding comparable store sales, including the definition, see "Comparable Store Sales". 2025 FORM 10-K 34 Table of Contents GROSS MARGIN FISCAL 2025 COMPARED TO FISCAL 2024 For fiscal 2025, our consolidated gross profit decreased 14% to $19,790 million compared to $22,887 million for fiscal 2024. Gross margin decreased 190 basis points to 42.7% for fiscal 2025 compared to 44.6% for fiscal 2024 due to the following: Lower NIKE Brand ASP (decreasing gross margin approximately 180 basis points), primarily due to higher discounts and changes in channel mix, partially offset by strategic pricing actions; Higher other costs (decreasing gross margin approximately 90 basis points), including higher inventory obsolescence reserves; Lower gro

venues in the Jordan Brand, Men's and Women's. Wholesale revenues decreased 5%. NIKE Direct revenues decreased 12% due to declines in digital sales of 19% and store sales of 1%. Comparable store sales decreased 1%. Footwear revenues decreased 13% on a currency-neutral basis. Unit sales of footwear decreased 10%, while lower ASP per pair reduced footwear revenues by approximately 3 percentage points. Lower ASP per pair was primarily due to higher discounts and changes in channel mix, partially offset by product mix. Apparel revenues decreased 2% on a currency-neutral basis. Unit sales of apparel decreased 1%, while lower ASP per unit reduced apparel revenues by approximately 1 percentage point. Lower ASP per unit was primarily due to higher discounts and changes in channel mix, partially offset by product mix. Reported EBIT decreased 19% reflecting lower revenues and the following: Gross margin contraction of 90 basis points primarily due to lower ASP and higher inventory obsolescence reserves, partially offset by lower product costs. Lower ASP primarily reflects higher discounts and changes in channel mix. Demand creation expense increased 9% primarily due to higher brand marketing

in Men's, the Jordan Brand, Kids' and Women's. Wholesale revenues decreased 6%. NIKE Direct revenues decreased 16% due to a decline in digital sales of 30%, partially offset by an increase in store sales of 5%. Comparable store sales increased 5%. Footwear revenues decreased 10% on a currency-neutral basis. Unit sales of footwear decreased 8%, while lower ASP per pair reduced footwear revenues by approximately 2 percentage points. Lower ASP per pair was primarily due to changes in channel mix and higher discounts, partially offset by strategic pricing actions and product mix. Apparel revenues decreased 9% on a currency-neutral basis. Unit sales of apparel decreased 6%, while lower ASP per unit reduced apparel revenues by approximately 3 percentage points. Lower ASP per unit was primarily due to changes in channel mix, product mix and higher discounts. Reported EBIT decreased 24% reflecting lower revenues and the following: Gross margin contraction of 100 basis points primarily due to lower ASP, partially offset by lower warehousing, logistics and product costs. Lower ASP primarily reflects changes in channel mix and higher discounts, partially offset by strategic pricing actions. D

n Men's, the Jordan Brand, Women's and Kids'. Wholesale revenues decreased 13%. NIKE Direct revenues decreased 12% due to declines in digital sales of 22% and store sales of 6%. Comparable store sales decreased 7%. Footwear revenues decreased 13% on a currency-neutral basis. Unit sales of footwear decreased 11%, while lower ASP per pair reduced footwear revenues by approximately 2 percentage points. Lower ASP per pair was primarily due to higher discounts and changes in channel mix, partially offset by strategic pricing actions. Apparel revenues decreased 12% on a currency-neutral basis. Unit sales of apparel decreased 17%, while higher ASP per unit contributed approximately 5 percentage points of apparel revenue growth. Higher ASP per unit was primarily due to strategic pricing actions, partially offset by higher discounts. Reported EBIT decreased 31% reflecting lower revenues and the following: Gross margin contraction of approximately 420 basis points, primarily due to unfavorable changes in standard foreign currency exchange rates and higher inventory obsolescence reserves, partially offset by higher ASP. Higher ASP primarily reflects strategic pricing actions, partially offset

### gross margin

le revenues decreased 7% on a reported basis and 6% on a currency-neutral basis Gross margin decreased 190 basis points to 42.7%, primarily due to higher discounts, changes in channel mix and higher inventory obsolescence reserves, partially offset by lower product costs Inventories as of May 31, 2025 were $7.5 billion, flat compared to the prior year We returned $5.3 billion to our shareholders in fiscal 2025 through share repurchases and dividends Return on Invested Capital ("ROIC") was 20.2% as of May 31, 2025, compared to 34.9% as of May 31, 2024. ROIC is considered a non-GAAP financial measure, see "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information. Our results for fiscal 2025 reflected a decrease in traffic across NIKE Direct and our actions to reduce supply of certain footwear products in the marketplace through increased markdowns across NIKE Direct and discounts and higher sales returns with our wholesale partners, which negatively impacted our Revenues and gross ma

t decreased 14% to $19,790 million compared to $22,887 million for fiscal 2024. Gross margin decreased 190 basis points to 42.7% for fiscal 2025 compared to 44.6% for fiscal 2024 due to the following: Lower NIKE Brand ASP (decreasing gross margin approximately 180 basis points), primarily due to higher discounts and changes in channel mix, partially offset by strategic pricing actions; Higher other costs (decreasing gross margin approximately 90 basis points), including higher inventory obsolescence reserves; Lower gross margin from Converse (decreasing gross margin approximately 20 basis points); and Unfavorable changes in net foreign currency exchange rates, including hedges (decreasing gross margin approximately 10 basis points). This was partially offset by: Lower NIKE Brand product costs (increasing gross margin approximately 80 basis points); Lower warehousing and logistics costs (increasing gross margin approximately 20 basis points); and Restructuring charges in the prior year (i

### inventories BS

and returns; the ability of NIKE to sustain, manage or forecast its growth and inventories; the size, timing and mix of purchases of NIKE's products; increases in the cost of materials, labor and energy used to manufacture products; the ability to secure and protect trademarks, patents and other intellectual property; product performance and quality; customer service; adverse publicity and an inability to maintain NIKE's reputation and brand image, including without limitation, through social media or in connection with brand damaging events; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; dependence on distributors and licensees; business disruptions; increased costs of freight and transportation to meet delivery deadlines; increases in borrowing costs due to any decline in NIKE's debt ratings; changes in business strategy or development plans; the impact of, including busines

d in and may in the future result in reduced demand for our products, increased inventories, reduced orders from retailers for our products, order cancellations or returns, lower revenues, higher discounts and lower gross margins. In the future, we may be unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates in the event we find it desirable to do so. We conduct transactions in various currencies, which creates exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar. Continued volatility in the markets and exchange rates for foreign currencies and contracts in foreign currencies has had and could continue to have a significant impact on our reported operating results and financial condition. Continued volatility in the availability and prices for commodities and raw materials we use in our products and in our supply chai

references through extensive marketing, we could experience lower sales, excess inventories or lower profit margins, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we market our products globally through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs and campaigns, including social media and other digital advertising networks. If we do not successfully market our products, if advertising and promotional costs increase or if certain advertising networks are no longer available, these factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on technical innovation and high-quality products to compete. Technical innovation and quality control in the design and manufacturing processes of footwear, apparel, equipment and other products and services are essentia

cast consumer demand has in the past led and could in the future lead to excess inventories or inventory shortages, which has in the past resulted and could in the future result in decreased operating margins, reduced cash flows and harm to our business. To meet anticipated demand for our products, we purchase products from manufacturers outside of our futures ordering program and in advance of customer orders, which we hold in inventory and resell to customers. There is a risk we may be unable to sell excess products ordered from manufacturers. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand have in the past resulted and may in the future result in inventory write-downs, and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices could significantly impair our brand image and have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. Conversely, if we underesti

higher inventory obsolescence reserves, partially offset by lower product costs Inventories as of May 31, 2025 were $7.5 billion, flat compared to the prior year We returned $5.3 billion to our shareholders in fiscal 2025 through share repurchases and dividends Return on Invested Capital ("ROIC") was 20.2% as of May 31, 2025, compared to 34.9% as of May 31, 2024. ROIC is considered a non-GAAP financial measure, see "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information. Our results for fiscal 2025 reflected a decrease in traffic across NIKE Direct and our actions to reduce supply of certain footwear products in the marketplace through increased markdowns across NIKE Direct and discounts and higher sales returns with our wholesale partners, which negatively impacted our Revenues and gross margin. For discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial

### revenues line

before interest and taxes $ 3,778 $ 6,539 $ 6,195 Denominator Total NIKE, Inc. Revenues $ 46,309 $ 51,362 $ 51,217 EBIT MARGIN 8.2% 12.7% 12.1% 2025 FORM 10-K 30 Table of Contents Return on Invested Capital ("ROIC") : Represents a performance measure that management believes is useful information in understanding the Company's ability to effectively manage invested capital. Our ROIC calculation as of May 31, 2025 and 2024 is as follows: FOR THE TRAILING FOUR QUARTERS ENDED (Dollars in millions) MAY 31, 2025 MAY 31, 2024 Numerator Net income $ 3,219 $ 5,700 Add: Interest expense (income), net (107) (161) Add: Income tax expense 666 1,000 Earnings before interest and taxes 3,778 6,539 Income tax adjustment (1) (645) (976) Earnings before interest and after taxes $ 3,133 $ 5,563 AVERAGE FOR THE TRAILING FIVE QUARTERS ENDED MAY 31, 2025 MAY 31, 2024 Denominator Total debt (2) $ 11,814 $

s, except per share data) FISCAL 2025 FISCAL 2024 % CHANGE FISCAL 2023 % CHANGE Revenues $ 46,309 $ 51,362 -10 % $ 51,217 0 % Cost of sales 26,519 28,475 -7 % 28,925 -2 % Gross profit 19,790 22,887 -14 % 22,292 3 % Gross margin 42.7 % 44.6 % 43.5 % Demand creation expense 4,689 4,285 9 % 4,060 6 % Operating overhead expense 11,399 12,291 -7 % 12,317 0 % Total selling and administrative expense 16,088 16,576 -3 % 16,377 1 % % of revenues 34.7 % 32.3 % 32.0 % Interest expense (income), net (107) (161) (6) Other (income) expense, net (76) (228) (280) Income before income taxes 3,885 6,700 -42 % 6,201 8 % Income tax expense 666 1,000 -33 % 1,131 -12 % Effective tax rate 17.1 % 14.9 % 18.2 % NET INCOME $ 3,219 $ 5,700 -44 % $ 5,070 12 % Diluted earnings per common share $ 2.16 $ 3.73 -42 % $ 3.23 15 % 2025 FORM 10-K 32 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED OPERATING RESULTS REVENUES (Dollars in m

2,082 -19 % -18 % 2,427 -14 % -15 % Corporate (3) (97) (42) 27 TOTAL NIKE, INC. REVENUES $ 46,309 $ 51,362 -10 % -9 % $ 51,217 0 % 1 % Supplemental NIKE Brand Revenues Details: NIKE Brand Revenues by: Sales to Wholesale Customers $ 25,883 $ 27,758 -7 % -6 % $ 27,397 1 % 2 % Sales through NIKE Direct 18,783 21,519 -13 % -12 % 21,308 1 % 1 % Global Brand Divisions (2) 48 45 7 % 10 % 58 -22 % -25 % TOTAL NIKE BRAND REVENUES $ 44,714 $ 49,322 -9 % -9 % $ 48,763 1 % 1 % Supplemental NIKE Brand Revenue Details: NIKE Brand Revenues by: (4) Men's $ 23,216 $ 24,785 -6 % -6 % $ 24,445 1 % 2 % Women's 9,719 10,366 -6 % -5 % 10,274 1 % 2 % Kids' 5,695 6,019 -5 % -5 % 5,889 2 % 2 % Jordan Brand 7,270 8,701 -16 % -16 % 8,460 3 % 3 % Others (5) (1,234) (594) -108 % -106 % (363) -64 % -67 % Global Brand Divisions (2) 48 45 7 % 10 % 58 -22 % -25 % TOTAL NIKE BRAND REVENUES $ 44,714 $ 49,322 -9 % -9 %

2,082 -19 % -18 % 2,427 -14 % -15 % Corporate (3) (97) (42) 27 TOTAL NIKE, INC. REVENUES $ 46,309 $ 51,362 -10 % -9 % $ 51,217 0 % 1 % (1) The percent change excluding currency changes represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For additional information, see "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures". (2) Global Brand Divisions revenues include NIKE Brand licensing and other miscellaneous revenues that are not part of a geographic operating segment. (3) Corporate revenues primarily consist of foreign currency hedge gains and losses related to revenues generated by entities within the NIKE Brand geographic operating segments and Converse, but managed through our central foreign exchange risk management program. The primary financial measure used by the Company to evaluate performance of its segments is EBIT. For additional information on our segments, refer to Note 15 Segment Information in t

F INCOME YEAR ENDED MAY 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2025 2024 2023 Revenues $ 46,309 $ 51,362 $ 51,217 Cost of sales 26,519 28,475 28,925 Gross profit 19,790 22,887 22,292 Demand creation expense 4,689 4,285 4,060 Operating overhead expense 11,399 12,291 12,317 Total selling and administrative expense 16,088 16,576 16,377 Interest expense (income), net ( 107 ) ( 161 ) ( 6 ) Other (income) expense, net ( 76 ) ( 228 ) ( 280 ) Income before income taxes 3,885 6,700 6,201 Income tax expense 666 1,000 1,131 NET INCOME $ 3,219 $ 5,700 $ 5,070 Earnings per common share: Basic $ 2.17 $ 3.76 $ 3.27 Diluted $ 2.16 $ 3.73 $ 3.23 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 1,484.9 1,517.6 1,551.6 Diluted 1,487.6 1,529.7 1,569.8 The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 2025 FORM 10-K 56 Table of Contents NIKE, INC. C

### channel mix

gaap:CorporateNonSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:NorthAmericaSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:EuropeMiddleEastAndAfricaSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:GreaterChinaSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:AsiaPacificAndLatinAmericaSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:ConverseSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:Nort

nke:GreaterChinaSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:AsiaPacificAndLatinAmericaSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:ConverseSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:NorthAmericaSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:EuropeMiddleEastAndAfricaSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:GreaterChinaSegmentMember 2024-06-01 2025-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegm

gaap:CorporateNonSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:NorthAmericaSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:EuropeMiddleEastAndAfricaSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:GreaterChinaSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:AsiaPacificAndLatinAmericaSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:ConverseSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:Nort

nke:GreaterChinaSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:AsiaPacificAndLatinAmericaSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:ConverseSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:NorthAmericaSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:EuropeMiddleEastAndAfricaSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:GreaterChinaSegmentMember 2023-06-01 2024-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegm

gaap:CorporateNonSegmentMember 2022-06-01 2023-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:NorthAmericaSegmentMember 2022-06-01 2023-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:EuropeMiddleEastAndAfricaSegmentMember 2022-06-01 2023-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:GreaterChinaSegmentMember 2022-06-01 2023-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:AsiaPacificAndLatinAmericaSegmentMember 2022-06-01 2023-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember 2022-06-01 2023-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:ConverseSegmentMember 2022-06-01 2023-05-31 0000320187 nke:SalesChannelWholesaleMember 2022-06-01 2023-05-31 0000320187 us-gaap:SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember us-gaap:OperatingSegmentsMember nke:NIKEBrandMember nke:Nort


## Starbucks

### comparable

ts and long-term growth model will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales, and operating margin management, underpinned by disciplined capital allocation. Comparable store sales includes company-operated stores open 13 months or longer, and exclude the effects of foreign currency exchange rates. Stores that are temporarily closed remain in comparable store sales while permanent store closures are removed in the month following closure. We believe these key operating metrics are useful to investors because management uses these metrics to assess the growth of our business and the effectiveness of our marketing and operational strategies. Throughout this MD&A, we commonly discuss the following key operating metrics: New store openings and store count Comparable store sales Operating margin Starbucks results for fiscal 2025 showed continued progress on key Back to Starbucks initiatives, specifically investments in coffeehouse partners, as we work to rebuild a stronger Starbucks. These investments include the Green Apron Service model, additional investments in

discuss the following key operating metrics: New store openings and store count Comparable store sales Operating margin Starbucks results for fiscal 2025 showed continued progress on key Back to Starbucks initiatives, specifically investments in coffeehouse partners, as we work to rebuild a stronger Starbucks. These investments include the Green Apron Service model, additional investments in staffing and hours at the right times to deliver enhanced customer service, and the Leadership Experience 2025, a conference designed to empower and motivate our retail leaders to accelerate our Back to Starbucks strategy. Consolidated net revenues increased 3% to $37.2 billion in fiscal 2025 compared to $36.2 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily driven by incremental revenues from net new company-operated stores over the past 12 months, an increase in revenue in the Global Coffee Alliance, and incremental revenue from the acquisition of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited, a U.K. licensed business partner, partially offset by a decrease in comparable store sales and a decline in our licensed store business. F

co Limited, a U.K. licensed business partner, partially offset by a decrease in comparable store sales and a decline in our licensed store business. For both the North America segment and U.S. market, revenue increased 1% in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024, primarily driven by net new company-operated store growth of 4% , or 441 stores, over the past 12 months, prior to the 584 North America restructuring closures late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. This growth was partially offset by a 2% decline in comparable store sales. Comparable transactions declined 4% , partially offset by average ticket growth of 2% , primarily driven by annualization of pricing in the current year. Also contributing were lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees. For the International segment, revenue increased 7% in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024, primarily driven by net new company-operated and licensed store openings over the past 12 months, incremental net revenue from the conversion of 113 licensed stores to company-operated stores following the acquis

5 Degrees Topco Limited. Partially offsetting this increase was a 1% decline in comparable store sales ($408 million), attributable to a 2% decline in comparable transactions, partially offset by a 1% increase in average ticket, primarily due to annualization of prior year pricing. Licensed stores revenue decreased $155 million, primarily driven by lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees in our North America segment ($143 million), the impact of the acquisition of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited ($36 million), and by unfavorable foreign currency translation impacts ($22 million). These decreases were partially offset by higher product sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees in our International segment ($79 million). Other reven ues increased $184 million, primarily due to an increase in revenue in the Global Coffee Alliance ($99 million) and increased sales of cocoa butter to third parties ($66 million). 29 Table of Contents Operating Expenses Fiscal Year Ended Sep 28, 2025 Sep 29, 2024 Sep 28, 2025 Sep 29, 2024 As a % of Total Net Revenues

rth quarter of fiscal 2025. This growth was partially offset by a 2% decline in comparable store sales ( $419 million ) driven by a 4% decline in comparable transactions, partially offset by a 2% increase in average ticket, primarily due to annualization of prior year pricing. Also contributing were lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees ($143 million) and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation ($42 million). Operating Margin North America operating income for fiscal 2025 decr eased 41% to $3.2 billion, compared to $5.4 billion in fiscal 2024. Operating margi n contracted 830 basis points to 11.5%, primarily driven by deleverage (approximately 310 basis points) restructuring costs ass ociated with the closure of coffeehouses and simplification of our support organization (approximately 240 basis points) and investments in support of Back to Starbucks, which were largely in labor hours (approximately 180 basis points). 32 Table of Contents International Fiscal Year Ended Sep 28, 2025 Sep 29, 2024 Sep 28, 2025 Sep 29, 2024 As a % of

### company-operated

ffee, tea, and other beverages and a variety of high-quality food items through company-operated stores ( stores or coffeehouses ). We also sell a variety of coffee and tea products and license our trademarks through other channels, such as licensed stores as well as grocery and foodservice through our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestl S.A. ( Nestl ). In addition to our flagship Starbucks Coffee brand, we sell goods and services under the following brands: Teavana , Ethos , and Starbucks Reserve . Our primary objective is to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. We believe the continuous investments in our brand and operations will deliver long-term targeted revenue and income growth. This includes expansion of our global store base, adding stores in both existing, developed markets such as the U.S. and in higher growth markets, as well as optimizing the mix of company-operated and licensed stores around the world. In addition, by lev

Starbucks employed approximately 223,000 people, with approximately 214,000 in company-operated stores and the remainder in corporate support, store development, roasting, manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution operations. Approximately 158,000 employees were employed outside of the U.S., with approximately 153,000 in company-operated stores and the remainder in regional support operations. Partners in approximately 6% of Starbucks U.S. company-operated stores are represented by unions. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective, evidenced by low turnover, a strong culture, and active employee participation. Information about our Executive Officers Name Age Position Brian Niccol 51 chairman and chief executive officer Cathy R. Smith 62 executive vice president, chief financial officer Mike Grams 55 executive vice president, chief operating officer Brady Brewer 52 chief executive officer, Starbucks International Sara Kelly 46 executive vice president, chief

of Contents Revenue Components We generate the majority of our revenues through company-operated stores and licensed stores. Company-operated and Licensed Store Summary as of September 28, 2025: North America As a % of Total North America Stores International As a % of Total International Stores Total As a % of Total Stores Company-operated stores 11,018 60 % 10,496 46 % 21,514 52 % Licensed stores 7,293 40 % 12,183 54 % 19,476 48 % Total 18,311 100 % 22,679 100 % 40,990 100 % The mix of company-operated versus licensed stores in a given market generally varies based on several factors, including our ability to access desirable local retail space, the complexity, profitability, and expected ultimate size of the market for Starbucks, and our ability to leverage the support infrastructure within a geographic region. Company-operated Stores Revenue from company-operated stores accounted for 83% of total net revenues during fiscal 2025. Our retail objective is to be the leading retailer and b

our ability to leverage the support infrastructure within a geographic region. Company-operated Stores Revenue from company-operated stores accounted for 83% of total net revenues during fiscal 2025. Our retail objective is to be the leading retailer and brand of coffee and tea in each of our target markets by selling the finest quality coffee, tea, and related products, as well as complementary food offerings, and by providing each customer with a unique Starbucks Experience . The Starbucks Experience is built upon superior customer service through the Green Apron Service Model, convenience, and a seamless digital experience as well as warm and welcoming stores that reflect the personalities of the communities in which they operate, thereby building a high degree of customer loyalty. Our strategy for expanding our global retail business is to increase our category share in a disciplined manner, by selectively opening additional stores in new and existing markets, as well as increasing s

to Starbucks restructuring plan. (2) Includes 113 licensed stores converted to company-operated stores in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 following the acquisition of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited. Starbucks company-operated stores are typically located in high-traffic, high-visibility locations. Our ability to vary the size and format of our stores allows us to locate them in or near a variety of settings, including downtown and suburban retail centers, office buildings, university campuses, and rural and off-highway locations. We will continue to expand our coffeehouse portfolio to meet customers where they are with formats that provide a warm and welcoming environment, enable multiple opportunities to connect and gather, and provide attractive returns on invested capital. 7 Table of Contents Retail sales mix by product type for company-operated stores: Fiscal Year Ended Sep 28, 2025 Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Beverages 73 % 74 % 74 % Food 23 % 23 % 22 % Other (1) 4 % 3 % 4 % Total 100 % 1

### licensed

fee and tea products and license our trademarks through other channels, such as licensed stores as well as grocery and foodservice through our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestl S.A. ( Nestl ). In addition to our flagship Starbucks Coffee brand, we sell goods and services under the following brands: Teavana , Ethos , and Starbucks Reserve . Our primary objective is to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. We believe the continuous investments in our brand and operations will deliver long-term targeted revenue and income growth. This includes expansion of our global store base, adding stores in both existing, developed markets such as the U.S. and in higher growth markets, as well as optimizing the mix of company-operated and licensed stores around the world. In addition, by leveraging experiences gained through our stores and els

in higher growth markets, as well as optimizing the mix of company-operated and licensed stores around the world. In addition, by leveraging experiences gained through our stores and elsewhere, we continue to drive beverage, equipment, process, and technology innovation, including in our industry-leading digital platform. We strive to regularly offer consumers new, innovative coffee and other products in a variety of forms, across new categories and diverse channels. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we announced our Back to Starbucks strategy, which was implemented with the goal to bring new and existing customers to our stores and business, and return to growth. The strategy includes supporting our green apron partners, enhancing the customer experience, reestablishing ourselves as the community coffeehouse, and strengthening the brand through product development, marketing, i

Our North America and International segments include both company-operated and licensed stores. Our North America segment is our most mature business and has achieved significant scale. Certain markets within our International operations are in various stages of development and may require more extensive support, relative to their current levels of revenue and operating income, than our North America operations. Our Channel Development segment includes roasted whole bean and ground coffees, Starbucks-branded single-serve products, a variety of ready-to-drink beverages, such as Frappuccino and Starbucks Doubleshot , foodservice products, and other branded products sold worldwide outside of our company-operated and licensed stores. A large portion of our Channel Development business operates under a licensed model of the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestl , while our global ready-to-d

, and other branded products sold worldwide outside of our company-operated and licensed stores. A large portion of our Channel Development business operates under a licensed model of the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestl , while our global ready-to-drink businesses operate under collaborative relationships with PepsiCo, Inc., Nestl , and others. 6 Table of Contents Revenue Components We generate the majority of our revenues through company-operated stores and licensed stores. Company-operated and Licensed Store Summary as of September 28, 2025: North America As a % of Total North America Stores International As a % of Total International Stores Total As a % of Total Stores Company-operated stores 11,018 60 % 10,496 46 % 21,514 52 % Licensed stores 7,293 40 % 12,183 54 % 19,476 48 % Total 18,311 100 % 22,679 100 % 40,990 100 % The mix of company-operated versus licensed stores in a

ts We generate the majority of our revenues through company-operated stores and licensed stores. Company-operated and Licensed Store Summary as of September 28, 2025: North America As a % of Total North America Stores International As a % of Total International Stores Total As a % of Total Stores Company-operated stores 11,018 60 % 10,496 46 % 21,514 52 % Licensed stores 7,293 40 % 12,183 54 % 19,476 48 % Total 18,311 100 % 22,679 100 % 40,990 100 % The mix of company-operated versus licensed stores in a given market generally varies based on several factors, including our ability to access desirable local retail space, the complexity, profitability, and expected ultimate size of the market for Starbucks, and our ability to leverage the support infrastructure within a geographic region. Company-operated Stores Revenue from company-operated stores accounted for 83% of total net reven

### net revenues

e and Other. Revenues from our reportable operating segments as a percentage of total net revenues for fiscal 2025 were as follows: North America (74%), International (21%), and Channel Development (5%). Our North America and International segments include both company-operated and licensed stores. Our North America segment is our most mature business and has achieved significant scale. Certain markets within our International operations are in various stages of development and may require more extensive support, relative to their current levels of revenue and operating income, than our North America operations. Our Channel Development segment includes roasted whole bean and ground coffees, Starbucks-branded single-serve products, a variety of ready-to-drink beverages, such as Frappuccino and Starbucks Doubleshot , foodservice products, and other branded products sold worldwide outside

mpany-operated Stores Revenue from company-operated stores accounted for 83% of total net revenues during fiscal 2025. Our retail objective is to be the leading retailer and brand of coffee and tea in each of our target markets by selling the finest quality coffee, tea, and related products, as well as complementary food offerings, and by providing each customer with a unique Starbucks Experience . The Starbucks Experience is built upon superior customer service through the Green Apron Service Model, convenience, and a seamless digital experience as well as warm and welcoming stores that reflect the personalities of the communities in which they operate, thereby building a high degree of customer loyalty. Our strategy for expanding our global retail business is to increase our category share in a disciplined manner, by selectively opening additional stores in new and existing markets,

program. Licensed Stores Revenues from our licensed stores accounted for 12% of total net revenues in fiscal 2025. Licensed stores generally have a lower gross margin and a higher operating margin than company-operated stores. Under the licensed model, Starbucks receives a margin on branded products and supplies sold to the licensed store operator along with a royalty on retail sales. Licensees are responsible for operating costs and capital investments, which more than offset the lower revenues we receive under the licensed store model. In our licensed store operations, we seek to leverage the expertise of our local partners and share our operating and store development experience. Licensees provide improved, and at times the only, access to desirable retail space. Most licensees are prominent retailers with in-depth market knowledge and access. As part of these arrangements, we sell

n our North America operating segment, which accounted for approximately 74% of total net revenues in fiscal year 2025. A slowdown or decline in this segment particularly in the U.S. has in the past, and could in the future, materially impact our overall business, as other segments may not offset the shortfall. Given its maturity and role as the primary source of operating cash flow, reduced performance in North America could limit our ability to fund international expansion, strategic initiatives, and shareholder returns. We are dependent on the performance of licensed and company-owned international markets to achieve our growth targets. The International segment is a critical profit center. Achievement of our growth targets is partially dependent on sustained performance and growth internationally, particularly in the markets operated by our larger regional licensees and in key comp

undation for the future of Starbucks. 28 Table of Contents Financial Highlights Total net revenues increased 3% to $37.2 billion in fiscal 2025 compared to $36.2 billion in fiscal 2024. Consolidated operating inco me decreased to $2.9 billion in fiscal 2025 compared to $5.4 billion in fiscal 2024. Fiscal 2025 operating margin was 7.9% compared to 15.0% in fiscal 2024. Operating margin contraction of 710 basis points was primarily due to restructuring costs ass ociated with the closure of coffeehouses and simplification of our support organization (approximately 240 basis points) , deleverage (approximately 210 basis points), investments in support of Back to Starbucks, which were largely in labor hours (approximately 130 basis points), and inflation (approximately 80 basis points). Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) for fiscal 2025 declined to $1.63, compared to EPS of $3.31 in fiscal

### America comps

in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. This growth was partially offset by a 2% decline in comparable store sales. Comparable transactions declined 4% , partially offset by average ticket growth of 2% , primarily driven by annualization of pricing in the current year. Also contributing were lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees. For the International segment, revenue increased 7% in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024, primarily driven by net new company-operated and licensed store openings over the past 12 months, incremental net revenue from the conversion of 113 licensed stores to company-operated stores following the acquisition of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited during the first quarter of fiscal 2025, and higher product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees. Revenue for our Channel Development segment increased 6% in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024, primarily driven by an increase in revenue in the Global Coffee Alliance. In

tion of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited. Partially offsetting this increase was a 1% decline in comparable store sales ($408 million), attributable to a 2% decline in comparable transactions, partially offset by a 1% increase in average ticket, primarily due to annualization of prior year pricing. Licensed stores revenue decreased $155 million, primarily driven by lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees in our North America segment ($143 million), the impact of the acquisition of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited ($36 million), and by unfavorable foreign currency translation impacts ($22 million). These decreases were partially offset by higher product sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees in our International segment ($79 million). Other reven ues increased $184 million, primarily due to an increase in revenue in the Global Coffee Alliance ($99 million) and increased sales of cocoa butter to third parties ($66 million). 29 Table of Contents Operating Expense

in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. This growth was partially offset by a 2% decline in comparable store sales ( $419 million ) driven by a 4% decline in comparable transactions, partially offset by a 2% increase in average ticket, primarily due to annualization of prior year pricing. Also contributing were lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees ($143 million) and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation ($42 million). Operating Margin North America operating income for fiscal 2025 decr eased 41% to $3.2 billion, compared to $5.4 billion in fiscal 2024. Operating margi n contracted 830 basis points to 11.5%, primarily driven by deleverage (approximately 310 basis points) restructuring costs ass ociated with the closure of coffeehouses and simplification of our support organization (approximately 240 basis points) and investments in support of Back to Starbucks, which were largely in labor hours (approximately 180 basis points). 32 Table of Co

### transactions/ticket

25. This growth was partially offset by a 2% decline in comparable store sales. Comparable transactions declined 4% , partially offset by average ticket growth of 2% , primarily driven by annualization of pricing in the current year. Also contributing were lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees. For the International segment, revenue increased 7% in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024, primarily driven by net new company-operated and licensed store openings over the past 12 months, incremental net revenue from the conversion of 113 licensed stores to company-operated stores following the acquisition of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited during the first quarter of fiscal 2025, and higher product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees. Revenue for our Channel Development segment increased 6% in fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024, p

cline in comparable store sales ($408 million), attributable to a 2% decline in comparable transactions, partially offset by a 1% increase in average ticket, primarily due to annualization of prior year pricing. Licensed stores revenue decreased $155 million, primarily driven by lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees in our North America segment ($143 million), the impact of the acquisition of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited ($36 million), and by unfavorable foreign currency translation impacts ($22 million). These decreases were partially offset by higher product sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees in our International segment ($79 million). Other reven ues increased $184 million, primarily due to an increase in revenue in the Global Coffee Alliance ($99 million) and increased sales of cocoa butter to third parties ($66 million). 29 Table o

2% decline in comparable store sales ( $419 million ) driven by a 4% decline in comparable transactions, partially offset by a 2% increase in average ticket, primarily due to annualization of prior year pricing. Also contributing were lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees ($143 million) and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation ($42 million). Operating Margin North America operating income for fiscal 2025 decr eased 41% to $3.2 billion, compared to $5.4 billion in fiscal 2024. Operating margi n contracted 830 basis points to 11.5%, primarily driven by deleverage (approximately 310 basis points) restructuring costs ass ociated with the closure of coffeehouses and simplification of our support organization (approximately 240 basis points) and investments in support of Back to Starbucks, which were largely in labor hours (approximately

the relevant facts and circumstances, which may include discounted cash flows, comparable transactions, or comparable company analyses. Our impairment calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values. Key assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values include projected revenue growth and operating expenses, as well as forecasting asset useful lives and selecting an appropriate discount rate. For company-operated stores, estimates of revenue growth and operating expenses are based on internal projections and consider the store s historical performance, the local market economics, and the business environment impacting the store s performance. The discount rate is selected based on what we believe a buyer would assume when determining a purchase price for th

### operating margin

n fiscal 2025. Licensed stores generally have a lower gross margin and a higher operating margin than company-operated stores. Under the licensed model, Starbucks receives a margin on branded products and supplies sold to the licensed store operator along with a royalty on retail sales. Licensees are responsible for operating costs and capital investments, which more than offset the lower revenues we receive under the licensed store model. In our licensed store operations, we seek to leverage the expertise of our local partners and share our operating and store development experience. Licensees provide improved, and at times the only, access to desirable retail space. Most licensees are prominent retailers with in-depth market knowledge and access. As part of these arrangements, we sell coffee, tea, food, and related products to licensees for resale to customers and receive royalties

l will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales, and operating margin management, underpinned by disciplined capital allocation. Comparable store sales includes company-operated stores open 13 months or longer, and exclude the effects of foreign currency exchange rates. Stores that are temporarily closed remain in comparable store sales while permanent store closures are removed in the month following closure. We believe these key operating metrics are useful to investors because management uses these metrics to assess the growth of our business and the effectiveness of our marketing and operational strategies. Throughout this MD&A, we commonly discuss the following key operating metrics: New store openings and store count Comparable store sales Operating margin Starbucks results for fiscal 2025 showed continued progress on key Back to Starbucks initiatives

ey operating metrics: New store openings and store count Comparable store sales Operating margin Starbucks results for fiscal 2025 showed continued progress on key Back to Starbucks initiatives, specifically investments in coffeehouse partners, as we work to rebuild a stronger Starbucks. These investments include the Green Apron Service model, additional investments in staffing and hours at the right times to deliver enhanced customer service, and the Leadership Experience 2025, a conference designed to empower and motivate our retail leaders to accelerate our Back to Starbucks strategy. Consolidated net revenues increased 3% to $37.2 billion in fiscal 2025 compared to $36.2 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily driven by incremental revenues from net new company-operated stores over the past 12 months, an increase in revenue in the Global Coffee Alliance, and incremental revenue from th

er to nearby coffeehouses that remain open. We also expect the future impact to operating margins to be slightly accretive. With a healthier base of coffeehouses, we see meaningful opportunity for disciplined growth. We anticipate that these actions, along with simplifying our broader support organization, will allow us to restructure, redeploy, and refocus our resources on priorities that we believe will deliver long-term sustainable business growth. We expect that the macroeconomic challenges we have been experiencing, including impacts from new tariffs and dynamic coffee prices, will continue; however, we are encouraged by the results we have seen from our Back to Starbucks initiatives. Following our Green Apron Service model going live across our full U.S company-operated store portfolio in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we are focused on empowering coffeehouse leaders to tak

2.9 billion in fiscal 2025 compared to $5.4 billion in fiscal 2024. Fiscal 2025 operating margin was 7.9% compared to 15.0% in fiscal 2024. Operating margin contraction of 710 basis points was primarily due to restructuring costs ass ociated with the closure of coffeehouses and simplification of our support organization (approximately 240 basis points) , deleverage (approximately 210 basis points), investments in support of Back to Starbucks, which were largely in labor hours (approximately 130 basis points), and inflation (approximately 80 basis points). Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) for fiscal 2025 declined to $1.63, compared to EPS of $3.31 in fiscal 2024. The decrease was primarily driven by contraction in operating margin, including restructuring and impairment costs in support of our Back to Starbucks strategy, as compared to the prior year. Capital expenditures were $2.3

### store counts

ffee, tea, and other beverages and a variety of high-quality food items through company-operated stores ( stores or coffeehouses ). We also sell a variety of coffee and tea products and license our trademarks through other channels, such as licensed stores as well as grocery and foodservice through our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestl S.A. ( Nestl ). In addition to our flagship Starbucks Coffee brand, we sell goods and services under the following brands: Teavana , Ethos , and Starbucks Reserve . Our primary objective is to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. We believe the continuous investments in our brand and operations will deliver long-term targeted revenue and income growth. This includes expansion of our global store base, adding stores in both existing, developed markets such as the U.S. and in higher growth markets, as wel

Starbucks employed approximately 223,000 people, with approximately 214,000 in company-operated stores and the remainder in corporate support, store development, roasting, manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution operations. Approximately 158,000 employees were employed outside of the U.S., with approximately 153,000 in company-operated stores and the remainder in regional support operations. Partners in approximately 6% of Starbucks U.S. company-operated stores are represented by unions. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective, evidenced by low turnover, a strong culture, and active employee participation. Information about our Executive Officers Name Age Position Brian Niccol 51 chairman and chief executive officer Cathy R. Smith 62 executive vice president, chief financial officer Mike Grams 55 executive vice president, chief operating officer Brady Bre

in regional support operations. Partners in approximately 6% of Starbucks U.S. company-operated stores are represented by unions. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective, evidenced by low turnover, a strong culture, and active employee participation. Information about our Executive Officers Name Age Position Brian Niccol 51 chairman and chief executive officer Cathy R. Smith 62 executive vice president, chief financial officer Mike Grams 55 executive vice president, chief operating officer Brady Brewer 52 chief executive officer, Starbucks International Sara Kelly 46 executive vice president, chief partner officer Pilar Ramos 53 executive vice president, chief legal officer Brian Niccol joined Starbucks as chairman and chief executive officer in September 2024. Mr. Niccol spent more than 25 years in leadership, marketing, and operations roles for some of the w

of Contents Revenue Components We generate the majority of our revenues through company-operated stores and licensed stores. Company-operated and Licensed Store Summary as of September 28, 2025: North America As a % of Total North America Stores International As a % of Total International Stores Total As a % of Total Stores Company-operated stores 11,018 60 % 10,496 46 % 21,514 52 % Licensed stores 7,293 40 % 12,183 54 % 19,476 48 % Total 18,311 100 % 22,679 100 % 40,990 100 % The mix of company-operated versus licensed stores in a given market generally varies based on several factors, including our ability to access desirable local retail space, the complexity, profitability, and expected ultimate size of the market for Starbucks, and our ability to leverage the support infrastructure within a geographic region. Company-operated Stores Revenue from company-operated stores accounted for 8

our ability to leverage the support infrastructure within a geographic region. Company-operated Stores Revenue from company-operated stores accounted for 83% of total net revenues during fiscal 2025. Our retail objective is to be the leading retailer and brand of coffee and tea in each of our target markets by selling the finest quality coffee, tea, and related products, as well as complementary food offerings, and by providing each customer with a unique Starbucks Experience . The Starbucks Experience is built upon superior customer service through the Green Apron Service Model, convenience, and a seamless digital experience as well as warm and welcoming stores that reflect the personalities of the communities in which they operate, thereby building a high degree of customer loyalty. Our strategy for expanding our global retail business is to increase our category share in a disciplined


## Marriott

### RevPAR table

perties and 2,011 comparable International properties. Business Trends In 2025, worldwide RevPAR increased 2.0 percent compared to 2024, driven by ADR growth of 2.1 percent. In the U.S. & Canada, RevPAR increased 0.7 percent in 2025, reflecting strong demand at our luxury hotels, partially offset by softer demand at our select service hotels, which were impacted by weaker business transient demand, in part due to declines in government travel. 22 Table of Contents In our International regions, RevPAR increased 5.1 percent in 2025, reflecting higher demand in most countries across the APEC, EMEA, and CALA regions. In Greater China, RevPAR increased 0.4 percent, reflecting softness in macro-economic conditions during the year. Starwood Data Security Incident On November 30, 2018, we announced a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the Starwood reservations database (

### comparable company-operated

. RevPAR Occupancy Average Daily Rate 2025 vs. 2024 2025 vs. 2024 2025 vs. 2024 Comparable Company-Operated Properties U.S. & Canada $ 185.78 2.3 % 69.0 % (0.4) % pts. $ 269.36 2.9 % Europe $ 236.81 3.1 % 72.8 % 2.1 % pts. $ 325.42 0.1 % Middle East & Africa $ 142.33 9.8 % 70.4 % 2.2 % pts. $ 202.26 6.3 % Greater China $ 82.87 0.4 % 68.5 % 0.6 % pts. $ 121.05 (0.5) % Asia Pacific excluding China $ 130.17 8.0 % 71.4 % 1.3 % pts. $ 182.35 6.0 % Caribbean & Latin America $ 196.90 5.5 % 66.3 % 0.2 % pts. $ 296.77 5.1 % International - All (1) $ 127.93 5.2 % 69.9 % 1.2 % pts. $ 183.05 3.4 % Worldwide (2) $ 151.41 3.7 % 69.5 % 0.6 % pts. $ 217.80 2.9 % Comparable Systemwide Properties U.S. & Canada $ 132.35 0.7 % 69.5 % (0.6) % pts. $ 190.33 1.5 % Europe $ 160.65 3.3 % 71.3 % 1.7 % pts. $ 225.44 0.8 % Middle East & Africa $ 131.32 10.4 % 69.7 % 2.0 % pts. $ 188.33 7.2 % Greater China $ 76.53 0.4 % 67.0 % 0.4 % pts. $ 114.20 (0.2) % Asia Pacific excluding China $ 133.12 8.4 % 72.2 % 1.5 % pts. $ 184.36 6.2 % Caribbean & Latin America $ 126.14 4.3 % 63.1 % 0.1 % pts. $ 199.85 4.2 % International - All (1) $ 121.75 5.1 % 68.9 % 1.1 % pts. $ 176.73 3.4 % Worldwide (2) $ 128.80 2.0 % 69.3 % % pts. $ 185.81 2.1 % (1) Includes Europe, Middle East & Africa, Greater China, Asia Pacific excluding China, and Carib

### fee revenues

urther information. Fee Revenues ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Change 2025 vs. 2024 Franchise fees $ 3,325 $ 3,113 $ 212 7 % Base management fees 1,322 1,288 34 3 % Incentive management fees 791 769 22 3 % Gross fee revenues 5,438 5,170 268 5 % Contract investment amortization (135) (103) (32) (31) % Net fee revenues $ 5,303 $ 5,067 $ 236 5 % The increase in franchise fees primarily reflected higher co-branded credit card and other brand-related fees ($105 million) as well as rooms growth ($94 million). The increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher RevPAR as well as rooms growth ($25 million). The increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected higher profits at managed hotels. In both 2025 and 2024, we earned incentive management fees from 69 percent of our managed hotels worldwide. We earned incentive management fees from 32 percent of our U.S. & Canada managed hotels and 85 percent of our International managed hotels in 2025, compared to 31 percent in U.S. & Canada and 85 percent in International in 2024. In addition, in both 2025 and 2024, 67 percent of our total incentive management fees came from our International managed hotels, primarily in EMEA and AP

2024, and 2023 (in millions, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 2023 REVENUES Franchise fees $ 3,325 $ 3,113 $ 2,831 Base management fees 1,322 1,288 1,238 Incentive management fees 791 769 755 Gross fee revenues 5,438 5,170 4,824 Contract investment amortization ( 135 ) ( 103 ) ( 88 ) Net fee revenues 5,303 5,067 4,736 Owned, leased, and other revenue 1,679 1,551 1,564 Cost reimbursement revenue (1) 19,204 18,482 17,413 26,186 25,100 23,713 OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES Owned, leased, and other expense (2) 1,461 1,329 1,309 Depreciation, amortization, and other 213 183 189 General and administrative (2) 870 945 867 Restructuring and merger-related (recoveries) charges, and other ( 2 ) 77 60 Reimbursed expenses (1) 19,503 18,799 17,424 22,045 21,333 19,849 OPERATING INCOME 4,141 3,767 3,864 Gains and other income, net 9 31 40 Interest expense ( 809 ) ( 695 ) ( 565 ) Interest income 42 40 30 Equity in earnings (1) 11 8 9 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 3,394 3,151 3,378 Provision for income taxes ( 793 ) ( 776 ) ( 295 ) NET INCOME $ 2,601 $ 2,375 $ 3,083 EARNINGS PER SHARE Earnings per share basic $ 9.53 $ 8.36 $ 10.23 Earnings per share diluted $ 9.51 $ 8.33 $ 10.18 (1) See Note 15 for d

### gross fee

ase management fees 1,322 1,288 34 3 % Incentive management fees 791 769 22 3 % Gross fee revenues 5,438 5,170 268 5 % Contract investment amortization (135) (103) (32) (31) % Net fee revenues $ 5,303 $ 5,067 $ 236 5 % The increase in franchise fees primarily reflected higher co-branded credit card and other brand-related fees ($105 million) as well as rooms growth ($94 million). The increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher RevPAR as well as rooms growth ($25 million). The increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected higher profits at managed hotels. In both 2025 and 2024, we earned incentive management fees from 69 percent of our managed hotels worldwide. We earned incentive management fees from 32 percent of our U.S. & Canada managed hotels and 85 percent of our International managed hotels in 2025, compared to 31 percent in U.S. & Canada and 85 percent in International in 2024. In addition, in both 2025 and 2024, 67 percent of our total incentive ma

31 Base management fees 1,322 1,288 1,238 Incentive management fees 791 769 755 Gross fee revenues 5,438 5,170 4,824 Contract investment amortization ( 135 ) ( 103 ) ( 88 ) Net fee revenues 5,303 5,067 4,736 Owned, leased, and other revenue 1,679 1,551 1,564 Cost reimbursement revenue (1) 19,204 18,482 17,413 26,186 25,100 23,713 OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES Owned, leased, and other expense (2) 1,461 1,329 1,309 Depreciation, amortization, and other 213 183 189 General and administrative (2) 870 945 867 Restructuring and merger-related (recoveries) charges, and other ( 2 ) 77 60 Reimbursed expenses (1) 19,503 18,799 17,424 22,045 21,333 19,849 OPERATING INCOME 4,141 3,767 3,864 Gains and other income, net 9 31 40 Interest expense ( 809 ) ( 695 ) ( 565 ) Interest income 42 40 30 Equity in earnings (1) 11 8 9 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 3,394 3,151 3,378 Provision for income taxes ( 793 ) ( 776 ) ( 295 ) NET INCOME $ 2,601 $ 2,375 $ 3,083 EARNINGS PER SHARE Earnings per share basic $ 9.

st three fiscal years: 2025 (in millions) U.S. & Canada EMEA Greater China APEC Gross fee revenues $ 3,004 $ 640 $ 261 $ 376 Contract investment amortization ( 83 ) ( 19 ) ( 1 ) ( 6 ) Net fee revenues 2,921 621 260 370 Owned, leased, and other revenue 528 592 26 162 Cost reimbursement revenue 15,900 1,194 304 541 Total reportable segment revenue 19,349 2,407 590 1,073 Less: Owned, leased, and other expense 434 530 28 146 Depreciation, amortization, and other 108 40 12 9 General and administrative 118 104 52 63 Reimbursed expenses 16,015 1,211 315 552 Other segment items (primarily non-operating income and expenses) ( 5 ) ( 3 ) ( 2 ) 2 Total reportable segment profit $ 2,679 $ 525 $ 185 $ 301 2024 (in millions) U.S. & Canada EMEA Greater China APEC Gross fee revenues $ 2,951 $ 589 $ 250 $ 345 Contract investment amortization ( 76 ) ( 14 ) ( 1 ) ( 5 ) Net fee revenues 2,875 575 249 340 Owned, leased, and other revenue 437 595 27 141 Cost reimbursement revenue 15,300 1,236 306 495 Total

,679 $ 525 $ 185 $ 301 2024 (in millions) U.S. & Canada EMEA Greater China APEC Gross fee revenues $ 2,951 $ 589 $ 250 $ 345 Contract investment amortization ( 76 ) ( 14 ) ( 1 ) ( 5 ) Net fee revenues 2,875 575 249 340 Owned, leased, and other revenue 437 595 27 141 Cost reimbursement revenue 15,300 1,236 306 495 Total reportable segment revenue 18,612 2,406 582 976 Less: Owned, leased, and other expense 399 519 24 129 Depreciation, amortization, and other 84 38 9 8 General and administrative 113 90 45 53 Reimbursed expenses 15,381 1,252 319 510 Other segment items (primarily non-operating income and expenses) ( 5 ) ( 5 ) ( 1 ) ( 4 ) Total reportable segment profit $ 2,640 $ 512 $ 186 $ 280 2023 (in millions) U.S. & Canada EMEA Greater China APEC Gross fee revenues $ 2,799 $ 529 $ 265 $ 288 Contract investment amortization ( 65 ) ( 13 ) ( 4 ) Net fee revenues 2,734 516 265 284 Owned, leased, and other revenue 506 574 18 135 Cost reimbursement revenue 14,456 1,178 317 411 Total report

,640 $ 512 $ 186 $ 280 2023 (in millions) U.S. & Canada EMEA Greater China APEC Gross fee revenues $ 2,799 $ 529 $ 265 $ 288 Contract investment amortization ( 65 ) ( 13 ) ( 4 ) Net fee revenues 2,734 516 265 284 Owned, leased, and other revenue 506 574 18 135 Cost reimbursement revenue 14,456 1,178 317 411 Total reportable segment revenue 17,696 2,268 600 830 Less: Owned, leased, and other expense 380 537 25 130 Depreciation, amortization, and other 84 40 10 9 General and administrative 114 84 42 47 Reimbursed expenses 14,399 1,168 317 409 Other segment items (primarily non-operating income and expenses) ( 5 ) ( 2 ) ( 2 ) ( 8 ) Total reportable segment profit $ 2,724 $ 441 $ 208 $ 243 59 Table of Contents The following table presents reconciliations of our total reportable segment revenue and profit to consolidated revenue and income before income taxes for each of the last three fiscal years: (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Reconciliation of revenue Total reportable segment revenue $

### owned leased

ontents Owned, Leased, and Other ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Change 2025 vs. 2024 Owned, leased, and other revenue $ 1,679 $ 1,551 $ 128 8 % Owned, leased, and other expense 1,461 1,329 132 10 % Owned, leased, and other revenue, net of owned, leased, and other expense $ 218 $ 222 $ (4) (2) % Owned, leased, and other revenue, net of owned, leased, and other expense, decreased primarily due to expenses related to the termination of our licensing agreement with Sonder Holdings Inc. ($23 million), partially offset by stronger results at our owned and leased properties in the U.S. & Canada, which included the results from the Sheraton Grand Chicago hotel that we acquired in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Cost Reimbursements ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Change 2025 vs. 2024 Cost reimbursement revenue $ 19,204 $ 18,482 $ 722 4 % Reimbursed expenses 19,503 18,799 704 4 % Cost reimbursements, net $ (299) $ (317) $ 18 6 % Cost reimbursements, net (cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses) va

more information). Additionally, U.S. & Canada segment profit reflected higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of owned, leased, and other expense ($56 million), partially offset by lower cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses ($34 million). Owned, leased, and other revenue, net of owned, leased, and other expense increased primarily due to stronger results at our owned and leased properties, which included the results from the Sheraton Grand Chicago hotel that we acquired in the fourth quarter of the prior year. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our Credit Facility We are party to a $4.5 billion multicurrency revolving credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Facility ). Available borrowings under the Credit Facility support our commercial paper program and general corporate needs. U.S. dollar borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at SOFR (the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) plus a spread based on our public debt rating. We also pay quarterly fees on the Credit

vestment amortization ( 135 ) ( 103 ) ( 88 ) Net fee revenues 5,303 5,067 4,736 Owned, leased, and other revenue 1,679 1,551 1,564 Cost reimbursement revenue (1) 19,204 18,482 17,413 26,186 25,100 23,713 OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES Owned, leased, and other expense (2) 1,461 1,329 1,309 Depreciation, amortization, and other 213 183 189 General and administrative (2) 870 945 867 Restructuring and merger-related (recoveries) charges, and other ( 2 ) 77 60 Reimbursed expenses (1) 19,503 18,799 17,424 22,045 21,333 19,849 OPERATING INCOME 4,141 3,767 3,864 Gains and other income, net 9 31 40 Interest expense ( 809 ) ( 695 ) ( 565 ) Interest income 42 40 30 Equity in earnings (1) 11 8 9 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 3,394 3,151 3,378 Provision for income taxes ( 793 ) ( 776 ) ( 295 ) NET INCOME $ 2,601 $ 2,375 $ 3,083 EARNINGS PER SHARE Earnings per share basic $ 9.53 $ 8.36 $ 10.23 Earnings per share diluted $ 9.51 $ 8.33 $ 10.18 (1) See Note 15 for disclosure of related party amounts. (2) In the 2025 fo

nation fees, and other property and brand revenues, which we present within the Owned, leased, and other revenue caption of our Income Statements. We generally recognize termination fees when collection is probable and other revenue as services are rendered. Amounts received in advance are deferred as liabilities. We provide certain hotel design and construction review ( Global Design ) services to hotel owners, generally during the period prior to a hotel s opening or during the period a hotel is converting to a Marriott brand (the pre-opening period ). As compensation for such services, we may be entitled to receive a fixed fee that is payable during the pre-opening period of the hotel. These services are not a distinct performance obligation, and therefore we recognize the fees on a straight-line basis over the initial term of the franchise, management, or license agreement. Practical Expedients and Exemptions : We do not disclose the amount of variable consideration that we expect to recognize

tment amortization ( 83 ) ( 19 ) ( 1 ) ( 6 ) Net fee revenues 2,921 621 260 370 Owned, leased, and other revenue 528 592 26 162 Cost reimbursement revenue 15,900 1,194 304 541 Total reportable segment revenue 19,349 2,407 590 1,073 Less: Owned, leased, and other expense 434 530 28 146 Depreciation, amortization, and other 108 40 12 9 General and administrative 118 104 52 63 Reimbursed expenses 16,015 1,211 315 552 Other segment items (primarily non-operating income and expenses) ( 5 ) ( 3 ) ( 2 ) 2 Total reportable segment profit $ 2,679 $ 525 $ 185 $ 301 2024 (in millions) U.S. & Canada EMEA Greater China APEC Gross fee revenues $ 2,951 $ 589 $ 250 $ 345 Contract investment amortization ( 76 ) ( 14 ) ( 1 ) ( 5 ) Net fee revenues 2,875 575 249 340 Owned, leased, and other revenue 437 595 27 141 Cost reimbursement revenue 15,300 1,236 306 495 Total reportable segment revenue 18,612 2,406 582 976 Less: Owned, leased, and other expense 399 519 24 129 Depreciation, amortization, and other 84 38 9 8 Ge

### occupancy ADR

025 vs. 2024 2025 vs. 2024 2025 vs. 2024 Comparable Company-Operated Properties U.S. & Canada $ 185.78 2.3 % 69.0 % (0.4) % pts. $ 269.36 2.9 % Europe $ 236.81 3.1 % 72.8 % 2.1 % pts. $ 325.42 0.1 % Middle East & Africa $ 142.33 9.8 % 70.4 % 2.2 % pts. $ 202.26 6.3 % Greater China $ 82.87 0.4 % 68.5 % 0.6 % pts. $ 121.05 (0.5) % Asia Pacific excluding China $ 130.17 8.0 % 71.4 % 1.3 % pts. $ 182.35 6.0 % Caribbean & Latin America $ 196.90 5.5 % 66.3 % 0.2 % pts. $ 296.77 5.1 % International - All (1) $ 127.93 5.2 % 69.9 % 1.2 % pts. $ 183.05 3.4 % Worldwide (2) $ 151.41 3.7 % 69.5 % 0.6 % pts. $ 217.80 2.9 % Comparable Systemwide Properties U.S. & Canada $ 132.35 0.7 % 69.5 % (0.6) % pts. $ 190.33 1.5 % Europe $ 160.65 3.3 % 71.3 % 1.7 % pts. $ 225.44 0.8 % Middle East & Africa $ 131.32 10.4 % 69.7 % 2.0 % pts. $ 188.33 7.2 % Greater China $ 76.53 0.4 % 67.0 % 0.4 % pts. $ 114.20 (0.2) % Asia Pacific excluding China $ 133.12 8.4 % 72.2 % 1.5 % pts. $ 184.36 6.2 % Caribbean & Latin America $ 126.14 4.3 % 63.1 % 0.1 % pts. $ 199.85 4.2 % International - All (1) $ 121.75 5.1 % 68.9 % 1.1

### systemwide

s. $ 183.05 3.4 % Worldwide (2) $ 151.41 3.7 % 69.5 % 0.6 % pts. $ 217.80 2.9 % Comparable Systemwide Properties U.S. & Canada $ 132.35 0.7 % 69.5 % (0.6) % pts. $ 190.33 1.5 % Europe $ 160.65 3.3 % 71.3 % 1.7 % pts. $ 225.44 0.8 % Middle East & Africa $ 131.32 10.4 % 69.7 % 2.0 % pts. $ 188.33 7.2 % Greater China $ 76.53 0.4 % 67.0 % 0.4 % pts. $ 114.20 (0.2) % Asia Pacific excluding China $ 133.12 8.4 % 72.2 % 1.5 % pts. $ 184.36 6.2 % Caribbean & Latin America $ 126.14 4.3 % 63.1 % 0.1 % pts. $ 199.85 4.2 % International - All (1) $ 121.75 5.1 % 68.9 % 1.1 % pts. $ 176.73 3.4 % Worldwide (2) $ 128.80 2.0 % 69.3 % % pts. $ 185.81 2.1 % (1) Includes Europe, Middle East & Africa, Greater China, Asia Pacific excluding China, and Caribbean & Latin America. (2) Includes U.S. & Canada and International - All. CONSOLIDATED RESULTS The discussion below presents an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2025 compared to 2024. Also see the Business Trends section above for further discussion. In the 2025 fourth quarter, we reclassified amounts attributable to other expenses previously reported under the General, administrative, and other caption to the Owned, leased, and other expense